15 Sep 2025
    Today, I woke up late again, which made me feel a bit low in self-esteem. 
I realized I should strictly adjust my sleeping schedule.
    By the way, the problems on LeetCode really captured my attention, 
since they are more challenging for me. Because of that, they took more time 
than originally planned and caused my schedule to collapse.
    However, I will try not to overload my to-do list this week and just let things flow. 
If I can get through this week by consistently following the plan, 
I believe it will naturally become a habit.
    Finally, I will review calculus tomorrow. TFR!!! 

16 Sep 2025
    Today was quite similar to the previous days. I had a quiz on data structures & algorithms 
in class again, and I felt more prepared than last time because I reviewed with AI-generated questions.
    However, I missed reading calculus again. So tomorrow, I will dedicate time to studying 
calculus instead of data structures, though I still need to solve problems on LeetCode as well.
    Finally, I have a sore throat because I reviewed several subjects—such as Python 
and data structures & algorithms—by speaking with AI. TFR!!!

17 Sep 2025
    Today, I was pretty tired. I passed the quiz on data structures & algorithms 
in class with a score of 8/10, and I felt better than last time, 
although I think I could have done even better.
    However, I missed reading calculus again. So tomorrow, 
I will dedicate time to studying calculus instead of data structures, 
though I still need to solve problems on LeetCode as well.
    Finally, I will make sure to rest more. TFR!!

20 Sep 2025
    Today, I learned about bitwise and square root without lib, such as faster find even/odd number by using bitwise,
swap value by using bitwise and find square root by using bitwise or newton (babylonian). They make me so confused a lot
but I have tried to learned it's algorithms for coding it into c++ code.
    By the way, I waste 2 days for healing the brain and the body. Next week, I will get an exam at university and I think
I should pass it with high score. However, I will try my best. TFR !!!